Add extra warning to "Installing add-ons" section of User Guide (#16510)
nvaccess/nvda: user_docs/en/userGuide.md

The functionality of add-ons is unrestricted inside NVDA.
This could include accessing your personal data or even the entire system.

> 

Author: Add-ons are scanned by [Virus Total](https://www.virustotal.com/), however, this only detects known malware at submission time.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
Add-ons are scanned by [Virus Total](https://www.virustotal.com/), however, this only detects known malware at submission time.

```

Reviewer: I think it would be better to part of the previous paragraph

Author: I initially had it at the end of that paragraph, but just reading it again as a whole:

"Just because an add-on is available in the NVDA Add-on Store, does not mean that it has been approved or vetted by NV Access or anyone else. It is very important to only install add-ons from sources you trust. The functionality of add-ons is unrestricted inside NVDA. This could include accessing your personal data or even the entire system."

Perhaps between "... approved or vetted by NV Access or anyone else." and "It is very important to only install add-ons from sources you trust..." would be better?

Reviewer: that makes sense to me

> There are a number of ways of doing this:

Author: ```suggestion
There are a number of ways of finding out about an add-on:

```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a number of ways of researching an add-on:
```

> As with any software, it is important to trust the developer of an add-on before using it.

Reviewer: This line feels like a duplicate of 3386 "It is very important to only install add-ons from sources you trust."

Author: ```suggestion
```

There are a number of ways of doing this:
* Researching the developer's reputation (e.g. how long have they been contributing, or their GitHub profile)

> * Look for user feedback in the [NVDA user group](https://nvda.groups.io/g/nvda) or [NVDA add-on group](https://nvda-addons.groups.io/g/nvda-addons)

Reviewer 2: Use verbs with -ing as the other ones in the list:

```suggestion
* Looking for user feedback in the [NVDA user group](https://nvda.groups.io/g/nvda) or [NVDA add-on group](https://nvda-addons.groups.io/g/nvda-addons)
```

* Read [Community reviews #AddonStoreReviews] of the add-on

> * Seek community feedback through forums or social media.

Reviewer: I think each item should have a full stop, or none of them

```suggestion
* Seek community feedback through forums or social media
```

> * Using [Community reviews #AddonStoreReviews]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Reading the [Community reviews #AddonStoreReviews] of the add-on
```

Author: ```suggestion
* Read [Community reviews #AddonStoreReviews] of the add-on

```

The functionality of add-ons is unrestricted inside NVDA.
This could include accessing your personal data or even the entire system.

As with any software, it is important to trust the developer of an add-on before using it.
There are a number of ways of doing this:

> * Researching the developer's reputation (e.g. how long have they been contributing, or their GitHub profile)

Author: ```suggestion
* Research the developer's reputation (e.g. how long have they been contributing, or their GitHub profile)

```

The functionality of add-ons is unrestricted inside NVDA.
This could include accessing your personal data or even the entire system.

As with any software, it is important to trust the developer of an add-on before using it.
There are a number of ways of doing this:
* Research the developer's reputation (e.g. how long have they been contributing, or their GitHub profile)

> * Looking for user feedback in the [NVDA user group](https://nvda.groups.io/g/nvda) or [NVDA add-on group](https://nvda-addons.groups.io/g/nvda-addons)

Author: ```suggestion
* Look for user feedback in the [NVDA user group](https://nvda.groups.io/g/nvda) or [NVDA add-on group](https://nvda-addons.groups.io/g/nvda-addons)

```

* Read [Community reviews #AddonStoreReviews] of the add-on

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

The functionality of add-ons is unrestricted inside NVDA.
This could include accessing your personal data or even the entire system.

As with any software, it is important to trust the developer of an add-on before using it.
There are a number of ways of doing this:
* Research the developer's reputation (e.g. how long have they been contributing, or their GitHub profile)
* Look for user feedback in the [NVDA user group](https://nvda.groups.io/g/nvda) or [NVDA add-on group](https://nvda-addons.groups.io/g/nvda-addons)
* Verify that the add-on is regularly updated

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

> * Verifying that the add-on is regularly updated

Author: ```suggestion
* Verify that the add-on is regularly updated

```

The functionality of add-ons is unrestricted inside NVDA.
This could include accessing your personal data or even the entire system.

As with any software, it is important to trust the developer of an add-on before using it.
There are a number of ways of doing this:
* Research the developer's reputation (e.g. how long have they been contributing, or their GitHub profile)
* Look for user feedback in the [NVDA user group](https://nvda.groups.io/g/nvda) or [NVDA add-on group](https://nvda-addons.groups.io/g/nvda-addons)

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

* Verify that the add-on is regularly updated

* Read [Community reviews #AddonStoreReviews] of the add-on

> * Seeking community feedback through forums or social media.

Author: ```suggestion
* Seek community feedback through forums or social media.

```

The functionality of add-ons is unrestricted inside NVDA.
This could include accessing your personal data or even the entire system.

As with any software, it is important to trust the developer of an add-on before using it.
There are a number of ways of doing this:
* Research the developer's reputation (e.g. how long have they been contributing, or their GitHub profile)

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```
